2.0 Submitting and Managing Jobs
   2.1 Job Submission
      Request a particular node, a particular node attribute,
      a number of nodes with an attribute ...
      Submit multiple jobs
      Request resources
      Export batch environment variables
   2.2 Monitoring Jobs
      Job id, job name, user, node, job state, queue
      Admin: all jobs. Normal user: their jobs.
   2.3 Canceling Jobs
      Cancel submitted jobs
   2.4 Job Preemption
      Allows authorized users to suspend and resume jobs
   2.5 Keeping Completed Jobs
      Keep completed jobs in the queue => Track failures and improve
      system performance
   2.6 Job Checkpoint and Restart
      Not tied to machine architecture. BLCR is a kernel package.
   2.7 Job Exit Status
      Result code returned by the job script
   2.8 Service Jobs
      Special kind of job that is treated differently.
      Must support start, stop and status command-line arguments

3.0 Managing Nodes
   3.1 Adding Node
      Add and remove nodes dynamically
   3.2 Configuring Node Properties
      Associate properties with nodes to identify groups of them.
   3.3 Changing Node State
      Change to offline to prevent jobs from running on a node.
   3.4 Host Security
      PAM
   3.5 Linux Cpuset Support
   3.6 Scheduling Cores
      Users can request specific cores on a node
   3.7 Scheduling GPUs
      Users can request GPUs on a node

4.0 Setting Server Policies
   4.1 Queue Configuration
      Minimum: Started and enabled
      Type: Execution or Routing
      ACL policies
      Jobs: types allowed, max queued, max running, priority ...
      Resources: Available, min, max, default ...
      Quite vast.
   4.2 Server High Availability
      Multiple instances of the server running and waiting to take over
      if currently running server fails

5.0 Interfacing with a Scheduler
   5.1 Integrating Schedulers for TORQUE
      Since Torque scheduler is very basic it allows you to use other schedulers

6.0 Configuring Data Management
   6.1 SCP/RCP Setup
      Configure ssh keys on nodes
   6.2 NFS and Other Networked Filesystems
   6.3 File Stage-In/Stage-Out
      Remove files from the execution system

7.0 Interfacing with Message Passing
   7.1 MPI (Message Passing Interface) Support
      MPICH
         Use mpiexec for launching MPI applications
      MPICH-VMI
      OpenMPI

8.0 Managing Resources
   8.1 Monitoring Resources
      Monitor the state, health, configuration and utilization of resources
      Specially compute nodes in a batch environment
      Major categories: configuration, utilization and state.
         Configuration: Hardware configuration and batch attributes
         Utilization: Node resources in use and who or what is consuming it
         States: Administrative status, general node health, general usage status

9.0 Accounting
   9.1 Accounting Records
      Accounting records for batch jobs.
      Events: delete, exit, queue, start
         delete: job has been deleted
         exit: job has exited (succesfully or not)
         queue: job has been queued
         start: an attempt to start the job
      Variables: ctime, etime, qtime, start
         ctime: time job was created
         etime: time job became eligible to run
         qtime: time job was queued
         start: time job started to run

10.0 Logging
   10.1 Job Logging
      Log job information for completed jobs
      Stored in XML. Similar to qstat -f.
      Utility to extract the jobs: showjobs
